The following Python packages may be included in this product:

- aws-cdk-lib==2.118.0
- aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python-alpha==2.118.0a0
- constructs>=10.0.0,<11.0.0
- boto==2.49.0
- cdk-nag>=2.28.0
- libssl-dev

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
      distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the
      copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other
      entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with
      that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the
      power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such
      entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty
      percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial
      ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
      permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation source,
      and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation
      or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled
      object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media
      types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object
      form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice
      that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the
      Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form,
      that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial
      revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as
      a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License,
      Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or
      merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and
      Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original
      version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or
      Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for
      inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal
      Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For the
      purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic,
      verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its
      representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic
      mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems
      that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of
      discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is
      conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright
      owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on
      behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
      License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
      non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to
      reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly
      perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in
      Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
      License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
      non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in
      this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell,
      import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only
      to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily
      infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their
      Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted.
      If You institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a
      Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or
      contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to You
      under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such
      litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or
      Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and
      in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a
          copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating
          that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You
          distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices
          from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution,
          then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable
          copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the
          Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a
          NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within
          the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the
          Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative
          Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The
          contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do
          not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices
          within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an
          addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such
          additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the
          License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may
      provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use,
      reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such
      Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and
      distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in
      this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
      Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to
      the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License,
      without any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above,
      nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license
      agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such
      Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
      trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as
      required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the
      Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
      writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
      Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
      ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any
      warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or
      FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for
      determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and
      assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this
      License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in
      tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by
      applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed
      to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages,
      including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential
      damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the
      use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for
      loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any
      and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has
      been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work
      or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee
      for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability
      obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in
      accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on
      Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only
      if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for
      any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by
      reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
   use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
   the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
   WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
   License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
   the License.

-----------

The following library may be included in this product:

- curl

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE

Copyright (c) 1996 - 2024, Daniel Stenberg, daniel@haxx.se, and many
contributors, see the THANKS file.

All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in
this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.

-----------

The following base image may be included in this repository:

- Nvidia Cuda Base Image / nvidia/cuda:12.3.1-runtime-ubuntu22.04

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

NVIDIA DEEP LEARNING CONTAINER LICENSE (v. September 14, 2021)

    Thislicense is a legal agreement between you and NVIDIA Corporation
    ("NVIDIA") and governsthe use of the NVIDIA container and all its contents
    (“CONTAINER”). This license can be accepted only by an adult of legal age of
    majority in the country in which the CONTAINER is used. If you are under the
    legal age of majority, you must ask your parent or legal guardian to consent
    to this license. If you are entering this license on behalf of a company or
    other legal entity, you represent that you have legal authority and “you”
    will mean the entity you represent.

    By using the CONTAINER, you affirm that you have reached the legal age of
    majority, you accept the terms of this license, and you take legal and
    financial responsibility for the actions of your permitted users. You agree
    to use the CONTAINER only for purposes that are permitted by (a) this
    license, and (b) any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted
    practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions.

    1. LICENSE. Subject to the terms of this license, NVIDIA hereby grants you a
        non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without the right to sublicense
        (except as expressly provided in this license) to: a. Install and use
        copies of the CONTAINER, and modify and create derivative works of
        samples or example source code delivered in the CONTAINER (if
        applicable), to develop and test services and applications, b. Deploy
        the CONTAINER on infrastructure you own or lease to offer a service to
        third parties, without distributing the CONTAINER or exposing the NVIDIA
        APIs in the CONTAINER directly to such service users, and c. Develop and
        extend the CONTAINER to create a Compatible (as defined below) derived
        CONTAINER that includes the entire CONTAINER plus other software with
        primary functionality, to develop and compile applications, and
        distribute such derived CONTAINER to run applications, subject to the
        distribution requirements indicated in this license. As used in this
        section, “Compatible” means that extensions to the CONTAINER must not
        adversely affect the functionality of the other components in the
        CONTAINER.

    2. DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS. For purposes of this Section 2, the term
        “distribution” also means the deployment of CONTAINERS in a service or
        an application for third parties to access over the internet. These are
        the distribution requirements for you to exercise the grants above: a. A
        service or an application must have material additional functionality,
        beyond the included portions of the CONTAINER. b. The following notice
        shall be included in modifications and derivative works of source code
        distributed: “This software contains source code provided by NVIDIA
        Corporation.” c. You agree to distribute the CONTAINER subject to the
        terms at least as protective as the terms of this license, including
        (without limitation) terms relating to the license grant, license
        restrictions and protection of NVIDIA’s intellectual property rights.
        Additionally, you agree that you will protect the privacy, security and
        legal rights of your application users. d. You agree to notify NVIDIA in
        writing of any known or suspected distribution or use of the CONTAINER
        not in compliance with the requirements of this license, and to enforce
        the terms of your agreements with respect to the distributed CONTAINER.

    3. AUTHORIZED USERS. You may allow employees and contractors of your entity
        or of your subsidiary(ies) to access and use the CONTAINER from your
        secure network to perform work on your behalf. If you are an academic
        institution you may allow users enrolled or employed by the academic
        institution to access and use the CONTAINER from your secure network.
        You are responsible for the compliance with the terms of this license by
        your authorized users.

    4. LIMITATIONS. Your license to use the CONTAINER is restricted as follows:
        a. The CONTAINER may run on any computing system with or without NVIDIA
        GPUs, except for the NVIDIA proprietary software (such as CUDA and
        TensorRT software) in the CONTAINER which is licensed only to run on
        systems with NVIDIA GPUs. The NVIDIA proprietary software in the
        CONTAINER may be present on systems without NVIDIA GPUs, as long as it
        is not running on such systems. For components governed by open source
        software licenses, see the information in the “Components Under Other
        Licenses” section below. b. You may not reverse engineer, decompile or
        disassemble, or remove copyright or other proprietary notices from any
        portion of the CONTAINER or copies of the CONTAINER. c. Except as
        expressly provided in this license, you may not copy, sell, rent,
        sublicense, transfer, distribute, modify, or create derivative works of
        any portion of the CONTAINER. For clarity, you may not distribute or
        sublicense the CONTAINER as a stand-alone product. d. Unless you have an
        agreement with NVIDIA for this purpose, you may not indicate that a
        service or an application created with the CONTAINER is sponsored or
        endorsed by NVIDIA. e. You may not bypass, disable, or circumvent any
        technical limitation, encryption, security, digital rights management or
        authentication mechanism in the CONTAINER. f. You may not replace any
        NVIDIA software components in the CONTAINER that are governed by this
        license with other software that implements NVIDIA APIs. g. You may not
        use the CONTAINER in any manner that would cause it to become subject to
        an open source software license. As examples, licenses that require as a
        condition of use, modification, and/or distribution that the CONTAINER
        be: (i) disclosed or distributed in source code form; (ii) licensed for
        the purpose of making derivative works; or (iii) redistributable at no
        charge. h. You acknowledge that the CONTAINER as delivered is not tested
        or certified by NVIDIA for use in connection with the design,
        construction, maintenance, and/or operation of any system where the use
        or failure of such system could result in a situation that threatens the
        safety of human life or results in catastrophic damages (each, a
        “Critical Application”). Examples of Critical Applications include use
        in avionics, navigation, autonomous vehicle applications, ai solutions
        for automotive products, military, medical, life support or other life
        critical applications. NVIDIA shall not be liable to you or any third
        party, in whole or in part, for any claims or damages arising from such
        uses. You are solely responsible for ensuring that any product or
        service developed with the CONTAINER as a whole includes sufficient
        features to comply with all applicable legal and regulatory standards
        and requirements. i. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless
        NVIDIA and its affiliates, and their respective employees, contractors,
        agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims,
        damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, fines,
        restitutions and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees
        and costs incident to establishing the right of indemnification) arising
        out of or related to products or services that use the CONTAINER in or
        for Critical Applications, and for use of the CONTAINER outside of the
        scope of this license or not in compliance with its terms. j. You may
        not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the output
        generated using the NVIDIA proprietary software (such as CUDA and
        TensorRT software) in the CONTAINER for the purpose of translating such
        output artifacts to target a non-NVIDIA platform.

    5. UPDATES. NVIDIA may, at its option, make available patches, workarounds
        or other updates to this CONTAINER. Unless the updates are provided with
        their separate governing terms, they are deemed part of the CONTAINER
        licensed to you as provided in this license. You agree that the form and
        content of the CONTAINER that NVIDIA provides may change without prior
        notice to you. While NVIDIA generally maintains compatibility between
        versions, NVIDIA may in some cases make changes that introduce
        incompatibilities in future versions of the CONTAINER.

    6. PRE-RELEASE VERSIONS. CONTAINER versions identified as alpha, beta,
        preview, early access or otherwise as pre-release may not be fully
        functional, may contain errors or design flaws, and may have reduced or
        different security, privacy, availability, and reliability standards
        relative to commercial versions of NVIDIA software and materials. You
        may use a prerelease CONTAINER version at your own risk, understanding
        that these versions are not intended for use in production or
        business-critical systems. NVIDIA may choose not to make available a
        commercial version of any pre-release CONTAINER. NVIDIA may also choose
        to abandon development and terminate the availability of a pre-release
        CONTAINER at any time without liability.

    7. COMPONENTS UNDER OTHER LICENSES. The CONTAINER may include NVIDIA or
        third-party components with separate legal notices or terms as may be
        described in proprietary notices accompanying the CONTAINER. If and to
        the extent there is a conflict between the terms in this license and the
        license terms associated with the component, the license terms
        associated with the components control only to the extent necessary to
        resolve the conflict. For example, some Triton components (such as the
        Triton Inference Server) are governed by open source software licenses.
        You acknowledge and agree that it is your sole responsibility to obtain
        any additional third-party licenses required to make, have made, use,
        have used, sell, import, and offer for sale your products or services
        that include or incorporate any thirdparty software and content relating
        to audio and/or video encoders and decoders from, including but not
        limited to, Microsoft, Thomson, Fraunhofer IIS, Sisvel S.p.A., MPEG-LA,
        and Coding Technologies. NVIDIA does not grant to you under this license
        any necessary patent or other rights with respect to any audio and/or
        video encoders and decoders. Subject to the other terms of this license,
        you may use the CONTAINER to develop and test applications released
        under Open Source Initiative (OSI) approved open source software
        licenses.

    8. OWNERSHIP. 8.1 NVIDIA reserves all rights, title and interest in and to
        the CONTAINER not expressly granted to you under this license. NVIDIA
        and its suppliers hold all rights, title and interest in and to the
        CONTAINER, including their respective intellectual property rights. The
        CONTAINER is copyrighted and protected by the laws of the United States
        and other countries, and international treaty provisions. 8.2 Subject to
        the rights of NVIDIA and its suppliers in the CONTAINER, you hold all
        rights, title and interest in and to your services, applications and
        your derivative works of the sample source code delivered in the
        CONTAINER including their respective intellectual property rights.

    9. FEEDBACK. You may, but are not obligated to, provide to NVIDIA
        suggestions, fixes, modifications, feature requests or other feedback
        regarding the CONTAINER (“Feedback”). Feedback, even if designated as
        confidential by you, shall not create any confidentiality obligation for
        NVIDIA. NVIDIA and its designees have a perpetual, non-exclusive,
        worldwide, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, publicly display,
        modify, create derivative works of, license, sublicense, and otherwise
        distribute and exploit Feedback as NVIDIA sees fit without payment and
        without obligation or restriction of any kind on account of intellectual
        property rights or otherwise.

    10. NO WARRANTIES. THE CONTAINER IS PROVIDED AS-IS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
        PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW NVIDIA AND ITS AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM
        ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
        STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
        NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NVIDIA DOES NOT
        WARRANT THAT THE CONTAINER WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE
        OPERATION THEREOF WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ALL
        ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.

    11. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
        LAW NVIDIA AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
        INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOST PROFITS,
        PROJECT DELAYS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF GOODWILL, OR THE
        COSTS OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
        WITH THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE CONTAINER, WHETHER
        SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON BREACH OF CONTRACT,
        BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR
        ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF NVIDIA HAS
        PREVIOUSLY BEEN ADVISED OF, OR COULD REASONABLY HAVE FORESEEN, THE
        POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL NVIDIA’S AND ITS
        AFFILIATES TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY UNDER OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
        LICENSE EXCEED US$10.00. THE NATURE OF THE LIABILITY OR THE NUMBER OF
        CLAIMS OR SUITS SHALL NOT ENLARGE OR EXTEND THIS LIMIT.

    12. TERMINATION. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically
        without notice from NVIDIA if you fail to comply with any term and
        condition of this license or if you commence or participate in any legal
        proceeding against NVIDIA with respect to the CONTAINER. NVIDIA may
        terminate this license with advance written notice to you, if NVIDIA
        decides to no longer provide the CONTAINER in a country or, in NVIDIA’s
        sole discretion, the continued use of it is no longer commercially
        viable. Upon any termination of this license, you agree to promptly
        discontinue use of the CONTAINER and destroy all copies in your
        possession or control. Your prior distributions in accordance with this
        license are not affected by the termination of this license. All
        provisions of this license will survive termination, except for the
        license granted to you.

    13. APPLICABLE LAW. This license will be governed in all respects by the
        laws of the United States and of the State of Delaware, without regard
        to the conflicts of laws principles. The United Nations Convention on
        Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically
        disclaimed. You agree to all terms of this license in the English
        language. The state or federal courts residing in Santa Clara County,
        California shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute or claim
        arising out of this license. Notwithstanding this, you agree that NVIDIA
        shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies or urgent legal
        relief in any jurisdiction.

    14. NO ASSIGNMENT. This license and your rights and obligations thereunder
        may not be assigned by you by any means or operation of law without
        NVIDIA’s permission. Any attempted assignment not approved by NVIDIA in
        writing shall be void and of no effect. NVIDIA may assign, delegate or
        transfer this license and its rights and obligations, and if to a
        non-affiliate you will be notified.

    15. EXPORT. The CONTAINER is subject to United States export laws and
        regulations. You agree to comply with all applicable U.S. and
        international export laws, including the Export Administration
        Regulations (EAR) administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce and
        economic sanctions administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s
        Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). These laws include restrictions
        on destinations, end-users and end-use. By accepting this license, you
        confirm that you are not currently residing in a country or region
        currently embargoed by the U.S. and that you are not otherwise
        prohibited from receiving the CONTAINER.

    16. GOVERNMENT USE. The CONTAINER is, and shall be treated as being,
        “Commercial Items” as that term is defined at 48 CFR § 2.101, consisting
        of “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software
        documentation”, respectively, as such terms are used in, respectively,
        48 CFR § 12.212 and 48 CFR §§ 227.7202 & 252.227-7014(a)(1). Use,
        duplication or disclosure by the U.S. Government or a U.S. Government
        subcontractor is subject to the restrictions in this license pursuant to
        48 CFR § 12.212 or 48 CFR § 227.7202. In no event shall the US
        Government user acquire rights in the CONTAINER beyond those specified
        in 48 C.F.R. 52.227-19(b)(1)-(2).

    17. NOTICES. Please direct your legal notices or other correspondence to
        NVIDIA Corporation, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California
        95051, United States of America, Attention: Legal Department.

    18. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This license is the final, complete and exclusive
        agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter of this
        license and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings and
        agreements relating to this subject matter, whether oral or written. If
        any court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of
        this license is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
        provisions will remain in full force and effect. Any amendment or waiver
        under this license shall be in writing and signed by representatives of
        both parties.

    19. LICENSING. If the distribution terms in this license are not suitable
        for your organization, or for any questions regarding this license,
        please contact NVIDIA at nvidia-compute-license-questions@nvidia.com.



----------------------------------------------------------------

The following Python packages may be included in this repository:

- pyenv

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2013 Yamashita, Yuu Copyright (c) 2013 Sam Stephenson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------------------------------

The following Python packages may be included in this product:

- torch

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:


Copyright (c) 2016, Soumith Chintala, Ronan Collobert, Koray Kavukcuoglu,
Clement Farabet All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of distro nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

----------------------------------------------------------------

The following Python packages may be included in this product:

- torchvision

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:


BSD 3-Clause License

Copyright (c) Soumith Chintala 2016, 
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
  this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


---

The following library may be included in this product:

- wget

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2016 Patryk Małek

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- zlib

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright (C) 1993-2013 Yukihiro Matsumoto. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- zlib1g-dev

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright notice:

 (C) 1995-2024 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler

  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
  arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
     appreciated but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
     misrepresented as being the original software.
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

  Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler
  jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- libbz2-dev

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

This program, "bzip2", the associated library "libbzip2", and all
documentation, are copyright (C) 1996-2010 Julian R Seward.  All
rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
   not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this 
   software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product 
   documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must
   not be misrepresented as being the original software.

4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote 
   products derived from this software without specific prior written 
   permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Julian Seward, jseward@bzip.org
bzip2/libbzip2 version 1.0.6 of 6 September 2010

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- libsqlite3-dev

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

The author disclaims copyright to this source code.  In place of
a legal notice, here is a blessing:

    May you do good and not evil.
    May you find forgiveness for yourself and forgive others.
    May you share freely, never taking more than you give.

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- xz-utils

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:


XZ Utils Licensing
==================

    Different licenses apply to different files in this package. Here
    is a rough summary of which licenses apply to which parts of this
    package (but check the individual files to be sure!):

      - liblzma is in the public domain.

      - xz, xzdec, and lzmadec command line tools are in the public
        domain unless GNU getopt_long had to be compiled and linked
        in from the lib directory. The getopt_long code is under
        GNU LGPLv2.1+.

      - The scripts to grep, diff, and view compressed files have been
        adapted from gzip. These scripts and their documentation are
        under GNU GPLv2+.

      - All the documentation in the doc directory and most of the
        XZ Utils specific documentation files in other directories
        are in the public domain.

        Note: The JavaScript files (under the MIT license) have
        been removed from the Doxygen-generated HTML version of the
        liblzma API documentation. Doxygen itself is under the GNU GPL
        but the remaining files generated by Doxygen are not affected
        by the licenses used in Doxygen because Doxygen licensing has
        the following exception:

            "Documents produced by doxygen are derivative works
            derived from the input used in their production;
            they are not affected by this license."

      - The XZ logo included in the Doxygen documentation is under
        the Creative Commons BY-SA 4.0 license.

      - Translated messages are in the public domain.

      - The build system contains public domain files, and files that
        are under GNU GPLv2+ or GNU GPLv3+. None of these files end up
        in the binaries being built.

      - Test files and test code in the tests directory, and debugging
        utilities in the debug directory are in the public domain.

      - The extra directory may contain public domain files, and files
        that are under various free software licenses.

    You can do whatever you want with the files that have been put into
    the public domain. If you find public domain legally problematic,
    take the previous sentence as a license grant. If you still find
    the lack of copyright legally problematic, you have too many
    lawyers.

    As usual, this software is provided "as is", without any warranty.

    If you copy significant amounts of public domain code from XZ Utils
    into your project, acknowledging this somewhere in your software is
    polite (especially if it is proprietary, non-free software), but
    naturally it is not legally required. Here is an example of a good
    notice to put into "about box" or into documentation:

        This software includes code from XZ Utils
        <https://xz.tukaani.org/xz-utils/>.

    The following license texts are included in the following files:
      - COPYING.LGPLv2.1: GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1
      - COPYING.GPLv2: GNU General Public License version 2
      - COPYING.GPLv3: GNU General Public License version 3
      - COPYING.CC-BY-SA-4.0: Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0
                              International Public License

    Note that the toolchain (compiler, linker etc.) may add some code
    pieces that are copyrighted. Thus, it is possible that e.g. liblzma
    binary wouldn't actually be in the public domain in its entirety
    even though it contains no copyrighted code from the XZ Utils source
    package.

    If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask the author(s) for more
    information.

---

The following libraries may be included in this product:

- libncursesw5-dev
- libxml2-dev
- libxmlsec1-dev
- libffi-dev

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

- libncursesw5-dev / Copyright Brian White. All rights reserved.
- libxml2-dev / Copyright (c) 2018 The Meson development team
- libxmlsec1-dev /Copyright (C) 2002-2016 Aleksey Sanin <aleksey@aleksey.com>.
  All Rights Reserved.
- libffi-dev / Copyright (c) 1996-2022  Anthony Green, Red Hat, Inc and others.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- git-lfs

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2014-2021 GitHub, Inc. and Git LFS contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Portions of the subprocess and tools directories are copied from Go and are
under the following license:

Copyright (c) 2010 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Note that Git LFS uses components from other Go modules (included in vendor/)
which are under different licenses. See those LICENSE files for details.

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- libsm6

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

This package was downloaded from
https://xorg.freedesktop.org/releases/individual/lib/

Copyright 1993, 1998  The Open Group

Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
OPEN GROUP BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of The Open Group shall not be
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
in this Software without prior written authorization from The Open Group.



---

The following library may be included in this product:

- libxext6

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

This package was downloaded from
http://xorg.freedesktop.org/releases/individual/lib/

Copyright 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1994, 1998  The Open Group

Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
OPEN GROUP BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of The Open Group shall not be
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
in this Software without prior written authorization from The Open Group.

Copyright (c) 1996 Digital Equipment Corporation, Maynard, Massachusetts.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, INCLUDING, 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of Digital Equipment Corporation 
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Digital 
Equipment Corporation.

Copyright (c) 1997 by Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
software and its documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the name of Silicon Graphics not be
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution
of the software without specific prior written permission.
Silicon Graphics makes no representation about the suitability
of this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is"
without any express or implied warranty.
SILICON GRAPHICS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SILICON
GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,
DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION  WITH
THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Copyright 1992 Network Computing Devices

Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the name of NCD. not be used in advertising or
publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific,
written prior permission.  NCD. makes no representations about the
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is"
without express or implied warranty.

NCD. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL NCD.
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Copyright 1991,1993 by Digital Equipment Corporation, Maynard, Massachusetts,
and Olivetti Research Limited, Cambridge, England.

                        All Rights Reserved

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the names of Digital or Olivetti
not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
software without specific, written prior permission.

DIGITAL AND OLIVETTI DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THEY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF
USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Copyright 1986, 1987, 1988 by Hewlett-Packard Corporation

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
software and its documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
software without specific, written prior permission.

Hewlett-Packard makes no representations about the 
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided 
"as is" without express or implied warranty.

This software is not subject to any license of the American
Telephone and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the
University of California.

Copyright (c) 1994, 1995  Hewlett-Packard Company

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Hewlett-Packard
Company shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written
authorization from the Hewlett-Packard Company.

Copyright Digital Equipment Corporation, 1996

Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,
provided that the above copyright notice and this permission
notice appear in all copies.  Digital Equipment Corporation
makes no representations about the suitability for any purpose
of the information in this document.  This documentation is
provided ``as is'' without express or implied warranty.

Copyright (c) 1999, 2005, 2006, Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice (including the next
paragraph) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Copyright (c) 1989 X Consortium, Inc. and Digital Equipment Corporation.
Copyright (c) 1992 X Consortium, Inc. and Intergraph Corporation.
Copyright (c) 1993 X Consortium, Inc. and Silicon Graphics, Inc.
Copyright (c) 1994, 1995 X Consortium, Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Company.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this documentation for
any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
Digital Equipment Corporation, Intergraph Corporation, Silicon
Graphics, Hewlett-Packard, and the X Consortium make no
representations about the suitability for any purpose of the
information in this document.  This documentation is provided ``as is''
without express or implied warranty.

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- llvm

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

==============================================================================
The LLVM Project is under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions:
==============================================================================

                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

    1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

    2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

    3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

    4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

    5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

    6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

    7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

    8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

    9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

    END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

    Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


---- LLVM Exceptions to the Apache 2.0 License ----

As an exception, if, as a result of your compiling your source code, portions
of this Software are embedded into an Object form of such source code, you
may redistribute such embedded portions in such Object form without complying
with the conditions of Sections 4(a), 4(b) and 4(d) of the License.

In addition, if you combine or link compiled forms of this Software with
software that is licensed under the GPLv2 ("Combined Software") and if a
court of competent jurisdiction determines that the patent provision (Section
3), the indemnity provision (Section 9) or other Section of the License
conflicts with the conditions of the GPLv2, you may retroactively and
prospectively choose to deem waived or otherwise exclude such Section(s) of
the License, but only in their entirety and only with respect to the Combined
Software.

==============================================================================
Software from third parties included in the LLVM Project:
==============================================================================
The LLVM Project contains third party software which is under different license
terms. All such code will be identified clearly using at least one of two
mechanisms:
1) It will be in a separate directory tree with its own `LICENSE.txt` or
   `LICENSE` file at the top containing the specific license and restrictions
   which apply to that software, or
2) It will contain specific license and restriction terms at the top of every
   file.

==============================================================================
Legacy LLVM License (https://llvm.org/docs/DeveloperPolicy.html#legacy):
==============================================================================
University of Illinois/NCSA
Open Source License

Copyright (c) 2003-2019 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
All rights reserved.

Developed by:

    LLVM Team

    University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign

    http://llvm.org

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at
      Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to
      endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific
      prior written permission.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE
SOFTWARE.

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- tk-dave

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, ActiveState
Corporation, Apple Inc. and other parties.  The following terms apply to
all files associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in
individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (b) (3) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license.

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- ffmpeg

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

                    GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 2, June 1991

 Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

                  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 2.1, February 1999

 Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

[This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL.  It also counts
 as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence
 the version number 2.1.]

 More details of this license can be found here:
 https://github.com/FFmpeg/FFmpeg/blob/master/LICENSE.md

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- cmake

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2018, Joao Paulo Magalhaes <dev@jpmag.me>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- libgl1-mesa-glx

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright (C) 1999-2007  Brian Paul   All Rights Reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

The following library may be included in this product:

- libreadline-dev

These libraries and tools each contain the following license and notice below:

This component of Racket is distributed under the under the Apache 2.0
and MIT licenses. The user can choose the license under which they
will be using the software. There may be other licenses within the
distribution with which the user must also comply.

See the files
  https://github.com/racket/racket/blob/master/racket/src/LICENSE-APACHE.txt
and
  https://github.com/racket/racket/blob/master/racket/src/LICENSE-MIT.txt
for the full text of the licenses.